Mark deprecated all mentions of authmanager and webconfig (#199)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-keymaker.md

  
### AcraServer & AcraAuthManager keys

{{< hint warning >}}

> It is deprecated and will not be available after 0.90.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AcraAuthManager tool is deprecated and will not be available since 0.91.0.
```
